---

title: GitKraken Desktop Release Notes
description: View a history of the new features and fixes in GitKraken Client's Version 10.
og_image: /img/GitKrakenClient-Hero.png
taxonomy:
    category: gitkraken-desktop

---


Behold the evolution of GitKraken Desktop! Find out what&rsquo;s new, what&rsquo;s fixed, or just take a trip down memory lane with a nostalgic swagger, remembering those bugs of yesterday.

<a href="https://www.gitkraken.com/download?product=gitkraken&source=help_center" target="_blank" class="button button--basic ">Download Current Version Now</a>

Check out our [GitKraken Roadmap](https://www.gitkraken.com/git-client/roadmap?product=gitkraken&source=help_center) to see what we’re working on.

***
<a id="v10-8-0"></a>
## Version 10.8.0
<kbd>Tuesday, March 11th, 2025</kbd>

<div class='embed-container embed-container--16-9'>
    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yK5GZpzamhA?si=oNmvgLBzRB8dtxyB" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

_"Every merge conflict is a battle between alternate realities… and only one can survive."_

### New ✨
 - **Conflict Prevention (Preview):** Avoid painful merge issues before they happen so your team can spend less time resolving conflicts.
   - GitKraken now warns you of potential conflicts by detecting overlapping edits between your branch and your org members' unmerged changes.
     - When overlapping edits are detected, an avatar of the person you have potential conflicts with will show in the toolbar.
     - Click on the avatar in the toolbar to open a menu for more information and take action to coordinate with teammates. Share your changes as a Cloud Patch or copy the summary of overlapping edits to share with your teammate to reduce headaches down the road.
     - If you have local changes that are not yet pushed to a remote branch, there will be an option to push your changes so your teammates can fetch them.
   - A target branch status indicator will appear in the toolbar if a target branch is detected.
     - When no conflicts are detected between your checked out branch and the target branch, click on the merge target icon to quickly open a pull request or set your repo's target branches in preferences.
     - When there are conflicts detected, the target branch status indicator will show a warning, and opening the menu will provide options to rebase or merge so you can proactively resolve conflicts before they get worse.
 - **Cherry Pick Multiple Commits**: Easily grab multiple commits in one action, reducing repetitive steps when applying changes across branches.
   - Use <kbd>Cmd/Ctrl</kbd> or <kbd>Shift</kbd> to select multiple commits in the Commit Graph and right click on one of the selected commits to access the option to cherry pick the selected commits.
   - Selecting the option to cherry pick multiple commits opens an interactive cherry pick tool that allows you to reorder, squash, reword, or drop any of the commits selected.

### Improvements 🙌
 - The personal Launchpad is now available for on-premise clients.
 - Experimental Feature - AI Commit Message Generation:
   - Added support for OpenAI o1 and o3-mini models
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Allow commit hooks when amending the latest commit message in the current branch.
   - Added partial support for 'Discard changes' of unstaged files (renames).
   - Added partial support for 'Unstage and delete file' (new file).
   - Support squashing latest commits in the current branch.
 - In line with Atlassian's end of support for Bitbucket Server and transition to Bitbucket Data Center, we have updated our UI to reference Bitbucket Data Center in place of Bitbucket Server. Your existing integration will continue to work the same as it did before.


### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where during conflict resolution, selecting staged files with the keyboard Up/Down arrow keys would fail to show the files.
 - Fixed an issue where switching between profiles causes git operations to fail.
 - Fixed an issue where squashing the latest commits with a deleted LFS file did not remove it from the working directory.
 - Merging GitLab merge requests in Launchpad will no longer fail.
 - Fetching in an Azure DevOps repo with a deleted parent will no longer fail.

***
<a id="v10-7-0"></a>
## Version 10.7.0
<kbd>Tuesday, February 11th, 2025</kbd>

_"you know what would be cool? if when i clicked on the repository breadcrumb it turned into a textbox"_ - Ash M, GitKraken Engineer

### New ✨
 - Find your repos and branches faster! You can now search directly in the repository and branch dropdowns from the breadcrumb in the toolbar.
   - Repository search: Searching in the repository dropdown will search through all repositories in the Repository Management tab. Selecting a new repo will open it in the current tab or switch to that tab if it’s already opened.
   - Branch search: Searching in branch dropdown will search through all local branches in the repo, and selecting a branch will checkout that branch. If your repository has worktrees, they’ll appear at the top of the branches list for easy access.

### Improvements 🙌
 - Custom Launchpad views are now only visible when the corresponding Team or Personal mode they were created in is selected.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Added support for 'Discard all changes' and connected Undo/Redo actions.
   - Added partial support for 'Discard changes' of unstaged files.
   - Interactive rebase now replays all rebased commits instead of fast-forwarding over the unchanged ones.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where cloning a repo can create an undefined folder with hooks files inside.

***
<a id="v10-6-3"></a>
## Version 10.6.3
<kbd>Tuesday, January 28th, 2025</kbd>

_"Anotha one!"_

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Updated Launchpad pull request fetching for Bitbucket in preparation for an upcoming Bitbucket API change. To avoid disruption, Bitbucket users are strongly encouraged to upgrade promptly.

***
<a id="v10-6-2"></a>
## Version 10.6.2
<kbd>Tuesday, January 21st, 2025</kbd>

_"Anotha one!"_

### Improvements 🙌
 - Updated Git to 2.47.2.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed some context menu options related to Pull Requests that were missing from the Commit Graph.
 - Fixed an issue on Windows where the bundled Git was not detected from the Terminal panel.

***
<a id="v10-6-1"></a>
## Version 10.6.1
<kbd>Tuesday, January 14th, 2025</kbd>

_"Do y'all call these 'dot-dot' releases too?"_

### Improvements 🙌
 - Automatic Conflict Detection:
   - If your currently checked out branch is associated with a pull request, the pull request's target branch will be prioritized for checking conflicts.
   - You can now exclude branches when setting the base branches for a repository.
   - When resolving a detected conflict, the initial conflict that appears won't trigger a "failed to merge/rebase" message, as initiating the conflict is intentional and expected.
   - Improved the clarity of the toolbar popover.
 - Added a context menu option to open a GitHub Action's workflow runs on GitHub from the Left Panel.
 - Consolidated context menu options for creating a worktree and checking out a branch into submenus.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where some App Menu items did not do anything when selected.
 - Fixed an issue where closing an issue or PR from Launchpad would crash the app.
 - Dropping multiple stashes at once from the Left Panel will no longer drop the wrong stashes.



***
<a id="v10-6-0"></a>
## Version 10.6.0
<kbd>Tuesday, December 17th, 2024</kbd>

<div class='embed-container embed-container--16-9'>
    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xR1ko96bApM?si=FcfuH8Zd_0xZv8qd" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

_"'Twas the night before Gitmas when all through the house // not a keyboard was clicking, not even a mouse!"_


### New ✨
 - **Automatic Conflict Detection:** GitKraken will monitor your base branch for conflicts and alert you with an icon in the toolbar when conflicts are detected, providing options to resolve your conflicts sooner rather than later.
   - When a conflict is detected, click on the icon in the toolbar to view details about the conflict and choose to rebase your current branch onto the base branch or merge changes from the base branch into your current branch.
   - You can limit which branches GitKraken may consider as "base branches" when scanning for conflicts. Navigate to _Preferences > Conflict Detection_ to set the preffered branches for a repository.
   - This feature is currently in preview and may undergo significant updates based on feedback. Share your thoughts with us to help shape its future direction!
 - **Custom External Editors**
   - You can now set any external editor for GitKraken to use when opening files or repositories.
   - Navigate to _Preferences > External Tools_ to set the default external editor to `<Custom>` and enter the path for the editor you want to use. If needed, you can configure the arguments to pass when opening repos or files in your selected editor.

### Improvements 🙌
 - Worktrees:
   - The Commit Graph now displays a worktree icon when the branch is associated with a linked worktree.
   - Worktrees in the left panel will show WIP summary and ahead/behind status.
   - Selecting a branch in the breadcrumb that is checked out in a worktree will now open that worktree.
   - Added a context menu option to Pull Requests in the Left Panel to check out the Pull Request in a new worktree.
   - When a worktree is opened in a repository tab, the tab icon will change to a worktree icon.
 - You can now edit custom Launchpad views.
 - Added an option to relocate a workspace repo in your filesystem if the repo was not found.
 - Added an option to locate workspace repo in filesystem if the repo has multiple possible paths.
 - When auto-fetch fails silently, a warning icon will show on the `REMOTES` left panel section header.
 - Updated Git to 2.47.0.
 - _We periodically remove features with low usage in order to focus our maintenance efforts on areas that impact users the most._
   - Removed the dedicated `Terminal` tab and `gkc` commands. (We found that users overwhelmingly prefer to use the terminal panel which is embedded in repository tabs.)
   - Removed a rarely-used feature where the Commit Detail Panel could be pinned to the bottom of the screen.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Custom GitLab Self-Managed avatars should now load properly in Launchpad.
 - Opening a linked worktree in the file manager now opens to the correct working directory.
 - Submodules should now remain intact when switching between worktrees.
 - Fixed an error involving labels that could occur when loading GitLab Self-Managed items in Launchpad.
 - Fixed an issue on Windows where custom hooks path in git config was not respected in some cases.
 - Fixed an issue where the GPG program was not found.
 - Fixed an issue where stash messages would not save properly if the branch contained a period.
 - Fixed an issue where a deleted custom Launchpad view would not be removed if it was deleted outside the client or in another client.
 - Fixed an issue creating Launchpad custom views with a sprint filter.
 - Fixed an issue when creating a Cloud Patch in Launchpad when the repo was in review mode.
 - Fixed an issue cloning Bitbucket Server Workspace repos when SSH is disabled for the Bitbucket Server instance.
 - Fixed an issue where both pull requests and issues would be loaded for custom Launchpad views.
 - Fixed an issue where Launchpad issues would not load when opening the client on a custom view.
 - Fixed an issue where Launchpad would not load if quickly switching views on app startup.
 - Fixed an issue with copying and pasting text within the diff view when switching back and forth between the different view modes (Hunk/Inline/Split).
 - Fixed an issue where hooks where not being executed from worktrees.
 - Fixed an issue where URLs and paths in WSL may not open in Windows correctly.

***

<a id="v10-5-0"></a>
## Version 10.5.0
<kbd>Tuesday, November 12th, 2024</kbd>

<div class='embed-container embed-container--16-9'>
    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aV-ZIwfgyio?si=NQcgJYc8QZPAVy3T" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

_"It was the #1 request, and now Worktrees are here! Guess good things really do come to those who wait… and wait… and wait!"_

### New ✨
 - **Worktree Support:** Use worktrees to work on multiple branches at once without impacting your main working directory. Effortlessly switch between testing changes or working on multiple tasks in the same repository without having to worry about losing your work. [Learn more about worktrees in this video.](https://youtu.be/grAsFn5yvjA?si=K1ThB1BWdrKw_WoO)
   - Creating worktrees:
     - Right click on any branch in the Commit Graph to create a new worktree on that branch, or create a worktree for a new branch on any commit in the Commit Graph.
     - Open a pull request in a new worktree from Launchpad by selecting the option `Checkout in New Worktree` in the action menu.
     - You can also hover over the `WORKTREES` Left Panel section header and click on the `+` button to create a new worktree (Tip: You can show or hide left panel sections like `WORKTREES` by right-clicking on any Left Panel section header).
   - Switching between worktrees:
     - Double click on any worktree in the `WORKTREES` Left Panel section to open that worktree.
     - Double clicking on a branch in the graph that is checked out in a worktree will open that worktree in the current tab.
 - **Saved Launchpad Views:** Save your customized Launchpad views and access them on the web and across all your devices.
   - Click the `Save a View` button in the Launchpad tab bar to save the current view's filters and view settings as a new view.
   - Your saved Launchpad views will be available on [GitKraken.dev](gitkraken.dev?source=help_center&product=gitkraken
) and in GitKraken Client on any device that is logged in to your GitKraken account.

### Improvements 🙌
 - You can now add reviewers when creating Bitbucket or Bitbucket Server pull requests.
 - Checking out a remote branch will automatically fast-forward the local branch if possible without prompting to reset the branch.
 - You can now choose to always skip the force push confirmation prompt by checking 'Don't ask again' on your next force push (always force push with caution - you may lose commits).
 - Experimental Feature - AI Commit Message Generation:
   - Added support for GPT-4 Turbo, GPT-4o, and GPT-4o mini Open AI models.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Automatically populate GPG Format, GPG SSH Program and Signing Key if initially empty, with the global Git config or default values.
   - For Allowed Signers File in GPG SSH Preferences, consider local git config value if set and warn if used file does not exist. Also renamed `GPG` Preferences section as `Commit Signing`.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Commit search now closes when pressing <kbd>Esc</kbd>.
 - When stashing changes, the pending commit description will now be saved as the stash description.
 - GitKraken will bypass hooks when creating a merge commit after resolving a conflict if the commit option `Skip hooks` is enabled.
 - Fixed an issue where the value for the GPG Program in Preferences would not save correctly.
 - Fixed an issue where the Azure DevOps integration would stay connected even if the refresh token expired.

***

<a id="v10-4-1"></a>
## Version 10.4.1
<kbd>Tuesday, October 22nd, 2024</kbd>

### New ✨
 - You can now add a reviewer when creating GitLab or GitLab Self-Managed merge requests.

### Improvements 🙌
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Added support for amending and rewording the latest (HEAD) commit, providing full support for SSH commit signing.
 - The `Show All` button in the left panel now only appears when there are hidden branches, remotes, or tags.
 - Old app update notifications will automatically be marked as read on update.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where GitKraken would prompt for credentials on every push or branch switch in LFS repositories.

***

<a id="v10-4-0"></a>
## Version 10.4.0
<kbd>Tuesday, October 1st, 2024</kbd>

<div class='embed-container embed-container--16-9'>
    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/eIkg6M7lMzs" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

_“Tell Miles Tones they finally got their big break in the next GoJira movie!"_

### New ✨

 - **New Launchpad filters allow you to get a more focused view of your next sprint or milestone.**
   - You can now see and filter by Jira fix versions and sprints in Launchpad.
   - You can now see and filter by GitHub and GitLab milestones in Launchpad.
 - **Insights has moved to GitKraken.dev, offering greater control and visibility into key project metrics.**
   - Clicking on the Insights icon for a Cloud Workspace in the Repo Management tab will now direct you to Insights for that Workspace on [GitKraken.dev](https://gitkraken.dev?source=help_center&product=gitkraken).
 - **Optimize your repo on disk with the new command `Perform Repo Maintenance` in the Command Palette.**
   - Open the Command Palette with the shortcut <kbd>Cmd/Ctrl+P</kbd>.
   - This command will execute `git maintenance run`, which may take several minutes on larger repositories.

### Improvements 🙌
 - Added support for descriptions (multiple lines) in stash messages.
 - You can now invite Azure DevOps users to your GitKraken organization from the Launchpad user filter.
 - Improved performance shortly after start-up by reducing wasteful pre-loading of data.
 - First-time onboarding:
   - The dialog for opening a repository has improved to search for repositories in subfolders if the selected directory is not a repository.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where long repository or remote names could overlap with the next column in the Repository Management tab.
 - Fixed an issue connecting the Azure DevOps integration while signing in with Azure DevOps.
 - Commit author emails with different casing should now be treated as the same email by the author filter in the Commit Graph.
 - Fixed an issue where the commit button(s) could be pushed off the bottom of the screen in some cases.
 - Adjusted several toasts to look better in Light theme.
 - Pull Requests will now only show on graph ref labels when the remotes match, not just the branch name. This will eliminate cases where PR icons could appear on a remote which was unrelated to the PR.
 - Fixed an issue where clicking on the WIP input box would deselect the WIP.
 - Fixed an issue where interactive rebase didn't checkout the branch being rebased.
 - Fixed an issue where the Launchpad user filter did not search by users' names in the filter dropdown.
 - Fixed showing user columns in Launchpad when they were not currently fetched.
 - Fixed a case in the Launchpad WIPS tab where opening a repository in the browser would not work.
 - The Commit Details Panel will now open when creating a Cloud Patch, even when it was previously hidden by the user.
 - Fixed cases where the Launchpad user filter would not detect a user is within an org for Azure DevOps.
 - Fixed an issue where the Launchpad summary in the status bar would show data from the Team view instead of the Personal view.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Fixed an issue where switching from a branch with submodules to a branch without them did not delete submodule folders.
   - Fixed an issue where `user.signingKey` in global `.gitconfig` was not updated when switching between GPG and SSH signing formats.


***
<a id="v10-3-0"></a>
## Version 10.3.0
<kbd>Wednesday, September 4th, 2024</kbd>

<div class='embed-container embed-container--16-9'>
    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/U0BNklVfZQg" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

_“Label the maple table with sable staples.”_

### New ✨
 - **Customize Launchpad to create the ultimate hub for you and your team's work**
   - Launchpad can now be filtered by PR and Issue labels.
   - The Team Launchpad can now be filtered by users, giving you a more focused view of specific team members' work.


### Improvements 🙌
 - Commit Graph:
   - Added support for having no commit selected in the graph by left-clicking the selected commit. This is an easy way to hide the Commit Details Panel and give the graph more screen space. You can still hide the Commit Details Panel manually with <kbd>cmd/ctrl+K</kbd> or from the `View` app menu.
   - The author filter in the Commit Graph now groups emails for organization members so you can more easily filter by people instead of selecting all emails associated with a person.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Fixed an issue with renamed branches where pulling could overwrite local commits.
   - Fixed an issue where the WIP was not autostashed when dropping the latest commit(s).
   - Fixed an issue where interactive rebase failed when executed within a submodule.
   - Fixed an issue on Windows where updating preferences (like long path) was failing when only the bundled Git version was installed.
 - Fixed an issue where Cloud Patches couldn't be created from commits due to input validation.
 - GitKraken will now correctly detect Beyond-Compare 5 installations on Windows.
 - Improved the message in the Launchpad summary to explain when an integration is not connected or not selected.
 - Fixed an issue where certain repositories were not displayed in the Repository Management tab.
 - Fixed an issue where transparent branch/tag avatars were displayed with a black background. 
 - Fixed an issue where repository aliases were not showing in the Repo Management tab.  

***

<a id="v10-2-0"></a>
## Version 10.2.0
<kbd>Thursday, August 8th, 2024</kbd>

_“We kept tabs on that Cloud Patch button you all loved.”_

### New ✨
 - **New Commit Panel changes**
   - Added a tabbed form for committing, stashing, creating Cloud Patches, and creating Code Suggestions.
   - Use the staging area to choose which changes you want to stash. This now allows you to easily stash specific files and adds support for stashing specific hunks.
 - **Team Launchpad is even more actionable with PR groupings by status**
   - Visit the Launchpad tab and toggle the view from `Personal` to `Team` to see all PRs and Issues for the repositories in a Cloud Workspace.
   - The Team Launchpad (preview) now groups pull requests by status like the Personal Launchpad.


### Improvements 🙌
 - Improved the flow of opening a repo from a new tab:
   - Added a button to open the Repository Management tab.
   - Added a button to browse and open a repository.
 - Repository Management tab:
   - Added an option to hide/unhide groups.
   - Added an option to set a group's color to default color set in *Preferences > UI Customization*.
 - Launchpad:
   - Improved the UX of filtering.
   - Added 'None' options for Launchpad pull request and issue filters.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Added support for git status.
 - Updated Electron to v31.
 - Updated Git to 2.45.2.


### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where Cloud Workspace repositories were not loading after connecting the integration in the Repository Management tab.
 - Fixed an issue where the dropdown menu would not close when clicking one of its options in the Repository Management tab.
 - Fixed an issue where the author filter in the Commit Graph was selecting and deselecting teams/members that you had not clicked on.
 - Fixed an issue where the open repository dialog did not remember the last opened repository and always showed the home directory.
 - Fixed an issue where interactive rebase editor showed context menu options not matching the drop-down menu options.
 - Fixed an issue where the Commit Graph was not sorting checked items to the top when re-opening the author filter.
 - Fixed issues where the build status of a pull request in Launchpad would be incorrect.
 - Fixed an issue where the Commit Graph would display an unaesthetic continuous line when the avatar image had a transparent background.
 - It is now possible to filter by files with spaces in the right panel.
 - Fixed issues where performing organization actions (such as inviting new members) could fail silently or show a false success message after failing.
 - Fixed duplicate base branch options that showed when creating a branch in the Launchpad issue view panel.

***

<a id="v10-1-1"></a>
## Version 10.1.1
<kbd>Wednesday, July 17th, 2024</kbd>

### Improvements 🙌
 - Updated the look & feel of the Repository Management tab.
 - Updated the look & feel of the Launchpad summary in the status bar.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed a bug where cloning from the Repository Management tab could result in being unable to switch tabs (even after cloning was finished).

***
<a id="v10-1-0"></a>
## Version 10.1.0
<kbd>Tuesday, July 9th, 2024</kbd>

_“It's a bird, it's a plane... it's your Launchpad summary in the status bar!”_

### New ✨
 - **Keep an eye on your most important PRs with the Launchpad summary in the status bar**
   - The Launchpad summary indicates your most critical pull request in the status bar.
   - Click on the indicator in the status bar to open a summary of your pull requests grouped by status, such as ready to merge, blocked, and needs your review.
   - Clicking on a pull request status group will open the Launchpad tab with the relevant group expanded so you can see more info and take action on the pull requests.
   - The Launchpad summary contains pull requests based on the filters set in the Launchpad tab. 
 - **Customize your Repository Management tab**
   - Reorder repository groups by dragging and dropping the header to create a more organized list that fits your workflow.
   - Change the color of a group by selecting `Change color` in the three-dot menu of any repo group. Use color to categorize Workspaces or highlight your most used groups of repositories.
   - Set a default color for Workspaces and other groups in *Preferences > UI Customization*
 - **Commit search with multi-language support**
   - The commit search now supports searching for UTF-8 characters

### Improvements 🙌
 - Launchpad:
   - Added an 'Author' column for pull requests and issues
   - Added a pull request action to checkout the branch if a local repository is found.
   - Added a pull request action to clone the repository if it is not found locally.
   - Added the ability to clone or locate the repository from the pull request panel.
 - Repository Management tab:
   - Added a new repo group to display recently opened repositories.
   - Added a button to open a Cloud Workspace in the Launchpad tab so you can see all PRs for the repositories in that Workspace.
   - Improved loading speeds when there are a large number of repositories.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Added interactive rebase support
     - Includes support for interactive rebase actions `edit commit message`, `drop commit(s)`, `move commit(s) up / down`, and `squash commits`
   - Added create/rename branch support.
   - Added load stashes support.
   - Added support for the Fetch All and Pull All actions in the Repository Management tab.
   - Added support for applying a Cloud Patch with cherry-pick.
 - Upgraded to Electron 30.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where hiding and showing folders in the left panel wasn't working.
 - Fixed an issue where Cloud Patches could not be created after resolving a merge conflict.
 - Lowered minimum window dimensions to fix maximizing on GNOME-based desktop environments at lower resolutions.
 - Fixed an issue where submodules were not synced when doing a fast-forward.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Fixed an issue where branches couldn't be fast-forwarded to HEAD using the context menu when HEAD is checked out at a specific commit.
   - Fixed an issue where authentication was not prompted once credentials expired.
 - Fixed an issue where repositories could not be added to an Azure Workspace with manually added repositories.
 - Removed the unused 'People' column from the WIPS-only view in Launchpad.
 - Fixed cases when Azure DevOps issues would not load within Launchpad.
 - Fixed <kbd>Ctrl+Tab</kbd> skipping over a tab when on the Repo Management or Launchpad tab.
 - Fixed <kbd>Ctrl+Tab</kbd> / <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+Tab</kbd> not being able to enter an expanded Launchpad tab.

***

<a id="v10-0-2"></a>
## Version 10.0.2
<kbd>Tuesday, June 4th, 2024</kbd>

### Improvements 🙌
 - Repository Management tab:
   - The search bar will be automatically focused when accessing the Repository Management tab.
   - Custom Workspace icons will now show in the collapsible section header.
   - Your scroll position will be saved when returning to the Repository Management tab.
   - After creating a new Workspace, the Workspace will be expanded and scrolled to automatically.
   - User avatars will show in the section header of any shared Cloud Workspace.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Added push tag support.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Fixed an issue where continuing a rebase would fail after a conflict if the current commit message started with `#`.
 - Fixed an issue where the client would fail to load Bitbucket Server users.

 ***

<a id="v10-0-1"></a>
## Version 10.0.1
<kbd>Monday, May 20th, 2024</kbd>

_“To err is human; to forgive, divine”_

### Improvements ✨
 - Updated Git to 2.44.1.
 - Improved the layout of filtering controls in Launchpad.

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Fixed an issue where pull requests from archived repositories would appear in Launchpad.
 - Fixed an issue where GitLab Self-Managed Workspaces would not show any repositories.

***

<a id="v10-0-0"></a>
## Version 10.0.0
<kbd>Tuesday, May 14th, 2024</kbd>

_“How many arms does Keif have? Ten-tacles.”_

### New ✨
 - GitKraken Client is now called GitKraken Desktop
 - Focus View is now called Launchpad

### Improvements 🙌
 - Completely re-built our in-app informational/error message pop-ups ("toasts") to give them a fresh look.
 - Added loading icon to Launchpad issue and pull request panel
 - Show provider icon for Launchpad workspace dropdown. Hide hosting service dropdown when a workspace is selected rather than disabling it
 - Default the Launchpad to open in the pull request sub tab
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Added stage files support
   - Added unstage files support
   - Added stash support
   - Added support for Git Credential Manager on SSH settings
 - The Launchpad sub tab will be remembered when going between different tabs and when the client is restarted
 - The Launchpad search text will be remembered when going between different tabs
 - Now able to search Launchpad items using pull request and issue number
 - Updated Git to 2.44.0 and 2.44.0-windows
 - Update git-lfs to 3.5.1
 - Renamed the Jira Server integration to Jira Data Center as Jira Server has reached end of support
 - Use gpg from bundle if gpg executable is not found on Windows
 - Add ability to suggest changes to Pull Requests via Cloud Patches
 - Show Suggested Changes for a Pull Request in the Pull Request view
 - Add a new Team view within Launchpad that shows all PR's and issues for an integration
 - Organize pullrequests within the Launchpad view into different groups. This is only for Launchpad personal view
 - Add action button to open code suggestions for PR's in Launchpad

### Bug Fixes 🐛
 - Interacting with an expired notification now clears that notification instead of leaving it unread forever
 - Fixed an issue where the Launchpad issue and pull request panel did not span to the top of the page
 - Fixed an issue where the diff editor not showing images when switching between files
 - Fixed an issue where LFS detection was failing with LFS repos having custom LFS hooks
 - Fixed getting "Invalid Version: undefined" when creating a workspace
 - Fixed an issue on windows where closing a terminal would close all terminals in the app
 - Fixed an issue where the Launchpad refresh button would disappear for a moment when selected a workspace to filter by
 - Fixed an issue with cloning LFS repositories with hundreds of LFS files.
 - Experimental Feature - Git Executable:
   - Fixed an issue were commits could be made using the user name and email specified in the global git config file instead of the profile values when they were different
   - Fixed fast-forwarding tags
